throw away your sugar I've got something
new today that will change everything
you know about baking and sweetening
coffee and tea this delicious simple
switch can prevent the sugar crashes
that make you hungry and then cause you
to gain weight is your sweet tooth still
sabotaging your diet now there's a new
tropical sweetener to hit the market
that's all-natural and doctors are
taking notice it's called coconut palm
sugar harvested from the nectar of a
coconut tree coconut sap is dried and
crystallized into a nutritious natural
sweetener it contains potassium iron and
vitamins and can even help stabilize
your blood sugar the best part it's
great for cooking good coconut palm
sugar be the solution to your sweet dude
that's true it's true dr. oz so DIAC
sugar - I add sugar to my coffee I like
sweet sweet sweet tea I like donuts I
like anything alamode I like pound cake
love that so as it sugar tastes good it
does all those fun things we were
talking about earlier by stimulating
your brain yeah but I think at the end
of the day I've got an alternative for
sugar that you're gonna actually adore
you can make all those things you just
talked about with this we're talking
about coconut palm sugar and it could be
the best alternative sugar out there all
right let me explain what sugar does to
your body and then would explain what
this coconut sugar does is well come
over here so normally when you have
sugar and there's the amount of sugar in
your Bloods over here there's your
breakfast your lunch and dinner you have
some sugar for breakfast what happens
you get a big spike and that big spike
then fouls of the crash then another
spike another crash and you've had
during the day three or four times when
you've had that experience you just
described it yes now when we have
coconut palm sugar look at the Green
Line instead of getting those big peaks
and valleys you get a much slower
undulating curve there and so you don't
have the highs and the lows which means
which means you don't get the ton of
sugar dumped into your blood followed by
the big trader afterwards you feel
famished the reason for that is this low
of my glycemic index scale you know what
have you ever heard of that
glycemic index I have oh yeah good well
I mean explain it for everybody because
it's not always clear what it is it
basically means how quickly you absorb
sugar out of the foods into your
bloodstream the lower the glycemic index
the more you'll have that so little
curve like that so it has the same
amount of calories of sugar and provides
a slower release of energy that curbs
your appetite so you won't have to crave
food so much so you won't put on the
weight so quickly
okay that's what I love about this now
doesn't taste good you're not gonna use
it
correct so I want you to try it yeah I'm
gonna see if you like it in the
different forms of issues one of the
biggest advantages is you use it just
like sugar you measure out the same way
so you can swap out recipes without
having to do a lot of rocket science not
bad not bad not bad you like it I like
it yeah I tell you I'm surprised by this
I was expecting something that's tested
more chemically not at all no it doesn't
taste chemically okay now the proof is
always in the pudding so I've challenged
the stars of we TV Staten Island Cakes
Vinny bruschetta and Cammy Pacino to
make their favorite cookie and cupcake
recipes using only coconut palm sugar
record over here taste ease up
you experts at this how did it work that
it wasn't easy to switch to that for
sugar I have to say at first I was very
very skeptical and hesitant about using
it I thought it was gonna have that
chemical taste and to my surprise it
worked out perfectly one-to-one ratio
switched out great it creamed so well
with the butter and sugar and you know
it tastes great it really really does it
has that caramel butterscotch flavor
complements these Blondie's and these
cupcakes really well
Danny how was it for you absolutely
delicious if he didn't tell me he
changed the recipe I'd never know
I almost fooled to their big questions
would you use it again
I would definitely use it again
absolutely maybe you know it's something
I could incorporate in my store more
often yeah we love to use which do me a
favor walk these over to the audience
over there I'm gonna give you your own
right here try it you describe your
companies they're on dr. oz calm come on
over here let's pass this out in the
audience I want you guys getting those
little bikes back you got there you got
something to help me out over there you
pass it on over back - hey there you are
all right well I take somebody to suit
you think okay see what you like do you
like these things mmm that's good right
oh wow
no I do guys show my cigarette what do
you think we just put you over here I'm
gonna switch over you do it thank you
very much bye bye guys would you like to
put your coconut palm sugar in a
specialty that help you lose weight
you'll want to miss this